.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Shell Global Solutions International B.V. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Description

Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

# Jupyter Notebooks

If your changes involve Jupyter notebooks please explicitly state here what the change consists of, e.g. only output cells have changes or specific input changes. This to make sure we capture these changes correctly in the review process.

# How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B


# Checklist:

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules

Commit message:

Update pull_request_template.md on linking issues
Signed-off-by: bvandekerkhof <66718200+bvandekerkhof@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Shell Global Solutions International B.V. All Rights Reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Description

Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

If this PR is related to an issue please link it correctly, see ['linking a pull request to an issue'](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

# Jupyter Notebooks

If your changes involve Jupyter notebooks please explicitly state here what the change consists of, e.g. only output cells have changes or specific input changes. This to make sure we capture these changes correctly in the review process.

# How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B


# Checklist:

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules
